The woman is working on her computer at the desk .
Surfers stand with surfboards on a beach for the early morning sunrise .
Man in an orange soccer jersey and white shorts looking up at a blue soccer ball .
Three men all eating sub sandwiches at a restaurant .
A person on a field with a baseball bat .
a man standing near a train with luggage
Many tikis and umbrellas with chairs set up on the sandy shore of a beach .
A tennis player prepares to serve the ball .
A man that is sitting at a table .
A woman contemplating something with a coffee cup .
Elephants and riders standing in grassy area in old photograph .
A group of skiers attempt to go up a large snowy mountain .
A shirtless man in the ocean surfing a wave
A boy in a baseball uniform steps up to bat .
A child working on a toy-like laptop that is on a table .
A baby is biting a remote control and staring straight ahead .
Women and kids sitting on swings in the snow .
there is a male tennis player playing on the court
there is a male tennis player wearing a green and red shirt
some children playing a video game and a yellow chair
a person riding a bike on a grass field
people walking on tiles in an arched hallway
A man about to throw a frisbee by the road .
A smiling blue-eyed boy toddler chewing on a plastic object .
A kite on a field in the country .
A man lookin at the camera talking on a cell phone .
People buying food at a food cart on the sidewalk .
A boy is sitting on a horse in front of a building .
A person sitting in a boat on the water , holding an umbrella .
Children helping clean an elephants back with a brush
Men and boys are posed for a group photo .
A group of people with skis and snowboards stand on a mountain .
two kids are playing baseball on the field
A woman on skis is in the mountains .
a black and white picture of a little boy and girl
Several people on the beach and some have surf boards .
A boy is riding a skateboard past many food carts .
A short man in a short sleeve dress shirt .
A pair of skiers on a snowy hillside dressed for cold weather .
A woman stands in front of a sign with a snowboard .
A man surfing on a surf board in the ocean .
Person eating pizza that is on a paper plate .
An adult holding a baby that is brushing their teeth .
A batter is running for first base after a hit .
A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food .
A woman on a moped , two men and animals walking down the road .
A jockey riding their horse across a field
The man is doing tricks on his skateboard .
A child rides a skateboard up a ramp .
A person offering a hand to a young child wearing a helmet and snow skis .
MAN ON A SKATE BOARD CROSSING OVER SOME GRAFFITI
A man and woman standing near a file cabinet with boxes on top of it .
The tennis player with the green ribbon bounces the ball on her racket .
Little kid leans against the gate in front of train
A girl raises her arm to touch a parking meter , which is wearing a hat .
a catcher and umpire standing on a baseball field
Boy on skate board going up a ramp about to turn around .
a small child sitting at a table with a piece of food in her hand
A tennis player taking aim for a hit at the ball .
The professional tennis player readies for that moment to serve the ball .
A guy and a girl standing by the water on cellphones .
A woman holding a teddy bear in a costume while wearing a really tight shirt .
A group of women hanging around a long table
A cat is laying on a walkway pawing the tip of an umbrella beside someone 's feet .
Several people carrying sleeping bags and pillows walk through a parking lot .
Two skateboarders are on a cement sloping structure .
a group of people stand around an open box of pizza
Two people who are standing in the snow on skis .
A group of men standing around a yellow fire hydrant .
there is a baseball player that has just run to the base
A snowboarder looks out over deserted ski slopes .
A man riding up the side of a ramp at a skate park .
A person on a computer playing a car game
A person with several severe cuts on their face and head .
Female tennis player reaches back to swing at the ball
a guy showing another guy a base ball bat
A man with a button up shirt , sport coat and necktie with a knit cap on his head .
A woman with luggage sits on the conveyor belt of a baggage claim area in an airport .
A boy wearing a fireman 's hat is sitting down and eating .
A girl is sitting at a purple table full of food .
Two people playing doubles in tennis with one getting ready to hit the ball .
A chef baking pizzas with a fire oven and toppings .
a man standing next to a truck with some stuff on it
Two teens in a park playing a game .
A skateboarder performs a trick on his skate board .
A little boy eating powered sugar covered flood .
Person dressed in black with red shirt laying on a bench .
People standing around waiting with carts and baggage .
THIS IS A PHOTO OF PEOPLE WATCHING A SKI COMPETITION
Many people behind a barricade hold up four surf boards .
a man surfing on a surfboard in the water
A man dressed in uniform with a fake mustache .
The man has on black glasses and is about to take a picture .
A skateboarder up in the air on a skateboard ramp .
A boy wearing a wetsuit rides a wave on his surfboard .
A man and a small girl interact with a museum exhibit .
A man is riding a skateboard across a bridge .
A worker chopping up bell peppers in a kitchen .
A man sits on top of a motorbike .
A man and woman in costume like clothing standing together .
A man wearing a cowboy hat rides a horse in an urban area .
A frisbee is in straight shot of a photographer as the thrower watches .
three people on a field of green grass
A plate of pizza served to a group of people
Two men holding remotes and a couch behind them
A group of people having dinner and drinking wine .
Someone demonstrating how a remote control toilet works .
A person in full gear is on skis outside in the snow
Several kids on skateboards at a skating park .
A young person who is having fun riding a snowboard .
A woman prepares to react during a tennis game .
a woman and child pose in a living room with a pull-out bed , baby crib , and dining table
Multiple pictures of man and woman playing game with Nintendo Wii controllers .
you can see a mans e.g. and he is holding a knife
A man that is sitting in a car holding a cat .
A boy reading his book while sitting on a bench .
A large swimming pool in back of a hotel .
A man pushes a cart with wheels with bananas .
A person on a skate board , in the air .
A group of men on skateboards on a ramp .
a man in a hat fixes his tennis racket
A woman hits the tennis ball during a match .
Spectators watching a professional men 's tennis match indoors
Two guys playing a boxing video game on the Wii .
Several motion shots of a man playing tennis .
There is no image here to provide a caption for .
A couple sits on a bench in front of a store .
The two motorcycles are in the middle of traffic .
View from behind the back of person 's head and shoulders in baseball uniform on a baseball field and man in baseball uniform on mound standing sideways and looking at other man , with illuminate board with numbers behind and crowd in stands .
A man skiing on a slope while people watch .
man taking a bit of something as he stands near a waterfall .
a man surfing at the beach during the day
A bicycle parked next to a motorized sitting scooter .
People in a blue motor boat traveling in the water .
A surfer riding a white capped wave of the surf
A man is surfing on a surfboard in breaking waves .
A man riding a bicycle on a path in a park .
Fully clothed woman laying on bed with one leg on the bed and one leg off
A man with long hair dressed in a suit vest and tie
men on a field playing a game of frisbee
Some horses in the street with people on the horses back
A man riding skis down the side of a snow covered ski slope
A skate boarder is doing stunts on his skate board .
a group of kids standing next to paper kites
People together on a beach flying several kites .
A woman standing on a beach flying a kite .
A tennis player wearing shorts and a crop top on the court
The older man is showing off the design on his tie .
The military officers stand next to bombs on display .
A crowd gathering in a city under umbrellas
A man sitting on a small suitcase on the street
A man jumping up into the air on a beach .
A man holding up a piece of food at a dinner table .
A boy laying on top of a couch holding a tooth brush .
a couple is on the beach on the waters edge flying a kite
A baseball player holding onto a bat from the wrong end .
A man sits on a bench and wears some headphones .
A man that is standing on a skateboard .
An over head shot of a young person surfing on a surfboard .
Three people preparing pizzas on a table set with ingredients .
A group of friends are gathered so they can enjoy playing a game on the wii .
A group of three men standing around a baseball field .
A woman eating with chopsticks in a restaurant
A man is standing next to a road sign with a line of parked cars across the street in an urban area
African elephants play and hang out by the water .
The young baseball player is throwing a pitch .
A person sitting in a restaurant , eating a sandwich .
a group of people that is standing around drinking beers
A group of people flying a kite at the beach .
A woman is holding food in a plaza .
A spoon that is on a plate with meat .
A man standing outside of a large white truck .
A boy is holding up a skateboard outside .
A man skating on a road next to some building
a person riding a surf board on a body of water
A man kite surfing in choppy , but flat , water
Two guys are painting the base of a statue .
Two females walking in the rain with umbrellas .
A man is holding a tennis racket in a field
A group of people crowded around a picnic blanket .
A man stretching his tiger kite in the sun .
Three people share a bench and eat cake together .
A donkey standing in front of a restaurant .
A catcher in the process of throwing a baseball .
a number of people riding skis on a snowy surface
A skateboarder is doing stunts on a skateboard outdoors .
A person walking with a surf board under his arm .
A man is in a wetsuit windsurfing in the waters .
A baby with an open mouth is in front of a sink .
The small red bird is looking at itself in the truck side mirror .
A group of people walking down a street holding umbrellas .
A man carrying a short surfboard on the beach .
A man in the ocean being slammed by a wave .
The three members of the family are all on their laptops .
A statue features a famous Indian as he wears meager clothing and carries a staff .
A baby sitting in a chair getting a haircut .
A girl checking her phone in a busy restaurant .
three giraffes walking around in a man made pen
A girl pulling a horse with a small child riding
A lush green field full of people flying kites .
A cardboard box with a teddy bear in the street .
A group of people around a table sharing a meal and a bottle of wine .
A man sits on a green bench situated on a forest path .
A black and white photo of a woman lying down and playing with a Nintendo DS .
Two people smile while posing behind luggage suitcases on the sidewalk .
A woman surfer is at the bottom of a wave .
a man that is surfing on a wave in water
This person illustrates what a free soul might be seen as .
A man propped up against a bike looking at a cell phone .
Motorcycles are riding down the road toward the sun .
A modern train station with several people boarding and unboarding .
A man in a safety vest holding a stop sign .
There is a bed with a type of canopy on it
A little boy and his father playing Wii .
A group of people raising a flag on a pole at a spectator event .
The man is flying a kite and someone is laying in the sand .
Two adult giraffes and two child giraffes indoors in a room together .
People walk beside a train at a train station .
A woman leaning away from a horse that came near her .
A group of men standing next to each other on a beach .
A child very close to the front of the television .
A man sitting in front of a table with a box of cupcakes .
A child is sitting a motorcycle behind a man who is standing .
Two teams are riding horses while playing polo .
A person standing at a table in a room .
A man holding a toothbrush with a heart on it
Two men playing Frisbee on a cloudy beach .
A person is play a video game on the tv
A person holding a smart phone edge on to show the memory card slot .
a kid riding a skateboard across a couple of blocks
a man and his son together playing a video game
A woman that is standing on a tennis court with a racquet .
A man with his eyes closed sits on a toilet with a blue doll placed on his crotch .
A man is performing a flip trick on a skateboard
Man balancing on a block of wood on wheels .
Several kids that are playing soccer in the grass .
Two males sitting with laptops while a young man looks on .
A table topped with plates of food and bottles of wine .
A woman standing in front of a horse .
A crowd of people are sitting at dining tables in a hotel reception room .
Three women are standing in a kitchen cooking .
A bus stopped at an intersection waiting for the light to change .
A man is lying on the grass holding a frisbee
A clean room with a bed and baby bunk in it .
A woman wearing a hat wiping her face wading in the ocean .
A young man balances on a surfboard with one hand on the wave .
Living room scene , man and young girl holding Wii controllers with sitting woman observing .
A woman laying in bed in front of three laptops .
a male on a bike eating a banana
A WOMAN STANDING IN A LIVING ROOM BARE FOOT
