a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and monitor
A group of people walking on top of a beach .
A soccer player looks up at a soccer ball .
three guys sitting down eating sandwiches and smiling
A baseball player is swinging and about to run .
A man with a brown bag and blue jacket stands by a train that is moving .
People are sitting at the beach surrounded by tiki umbrellas .
A man holding a tennis ball and a tennis racquet .
A man sitting down on a chair at a table with food .
Two people are finishing a meal in a restaurant .
a group of elephants standing around with some people sitting on their backs
The people are moving across the snowy mountainside .
A man surfing on a blue green wave
A boy is preparing to play on a sport field .
an image of a child playing on a toy laptop
A man sitting in a chair holding a baby who is chewing on a remote .
A group of people riding swings in the snow .
A tennis player prepares to react during a match .
A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet .
A group of kids playing a video game system .
A man on a bike near people on a bench
Many people are walking along through the hallway .
A man wearing a baseball hat tossing a frisbee .
A boy putting something in his mouth and smiling for a picture .
A man in a field works to get a kite off the ground .
A young man with a goatee talking on a cell phone
A couple of people standing next to a food cart filled with smoke .
A man that is sitting on a horse .
A black and white photo of a man sitting by the water holding an umbrella to give him shade .
A giant elephant laying on top of a dirt ground .
Boys and men are lined up for a group photo .
A group of people riding skis across a snow covered slope .
a couple of people that are standing on a baseball diamond
a woman on skis with a red shirt is posing for a picture in some snow
a little boy sitting on a skateboard and riding it
a surfing instructor teaches students with surfboards on a beach in front of large hotel buildings .
A man on a skateboard riding by food vendors .
A man in a white pants and a white shirt and colorful tie .
A man riding a snowboard on top of a snow covered slope .
A snowboarder holding a snowboard standing under a sign .
A surfer falling backwards off a surfboard on a little wave .
A woman taking a picture of her lunch at a restaurant .
A man is holding a baby with a toothbrush in its mouth .
A young man throwing a baseball bat as he runs across a field .
A young woman standing in the kitchen pours from a large measuring cup .
A person on a motor bike next to a cow .
A person rides on the back of a horse .
A man jumping into the air while riding a skateboard .
A boy is going up a ramp on a skateboard .
A group of young children playing in the snow next to each other .
A young man riding a skateboard down a street .
A woman holding a Nintendo Wii game controller .
A woman bounces a tennis ball on a tennis racket .
A young boy leaning up against an iron fence .
Children cover a parking meter in a red knitted garment .
A group of baseball players standing on top of a field .
A man riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp .
A girl sitting down with a donut in her hand .
The backside of a tennis player who just hit a ball .
A female tennis player in white serves the ball .
A man checking his phone while a woman takes a photo of the water .
A young girl , holding a teddy bear at an outdoor event .
A large group of women are at a dining table .
A cay laying on a brick walkway next to a person holding an umbrella .
Two men walking together in a parking lot with a sleeping bag , a pillow , a comforter and suitcases .
Two skateboarders performing a trick on a ramp .
A group of young men standing around an open box of pizza .
Two people wearing skis on a snowy hill
these man are standing near a fire hydrant
A baseball player who is running on a baseball field .
A man holding a snowboard stands on a hill in the snow while a mountain range is in the distance .
A young man on a skateboard at a skate park
a person sitting at a computer keyboard playing a video game
A man badly beating laying unconscious near a nurse .
a woman in a gray top is playing tennis
A man who is looking at a baseball bat .
A picture of a man that is posing for a picture .
A young girl with glasses appears to be waiting with luggage at the baggage center .
A little boy with a red fireman taking a bit out of food wrapped in a napkin .
A little girl sitting at a table with lots of fruit and cake .
A pair of young men play a doubles game of tennis .
A man cooks pizzas in a fire kiln .
A man standing along side of a truck trailer .
A woman holding an orange frisbee standing on a lush green field .
Man preforming stunt on skateboard on a road .
A small child is eating a donut fed by another hand .
a man in red and plack sleeping on a park bench
A large group of people who are waiting at a luggage carousel .
Two skiers flipping in the air with people in the background .
The young men are standing behind a barrier with their surfboards .
A young man riding a wave on his surf board .
A foot ball fan is showing off his team spirit
A man wearing a tie and a white shirt with glasses .
A man riding a skateboard through the air at a skate park .
A female surfer rides the waves in the ocean .
Watched by her father , a little girl plays a video game .
A young man in a sweat shirt is standing on a wooden walkway .
The men are in the kitchen preparing the meal .
A man riding on the back of a motorcycle on a field next to a dog .
A man standing next to a woman in a living room .
A man is smiling while sitting on a horse .
A frisbee that is flying in the air .
Two women playing with a Frisbee in a field .
People sit around a table that has a pizza on a glass stand .
A couple of men standing in a living room holding game controllers .
There is no image here to provide a caption for .
A man holding holding a giant remote control .
A young woman riding skis down a ski slope while holding ski poles .
a skate park with multiple kids on skateboards
A snowboarder looks at the camera while on the slopes .
A woman holding a tennis racquetball in a blue shirt .
A woman and little girl are standing in a room
A man and a woman playing Wii boxing in a living room .
The torso of a man who is holding a knife .
A man sits in a car with a cat in his lap .
Boy sitting on a bench with an angry birds toy reading a book .
A large blue swimming pool sitting next to a hotel surrounded by palm trees .
A man pushing a four wheeled art full of bananas .
A man riding up the side of a skateboard ramp .
A group of men riding up the side of a skateboard ramp .
There is a man holding a tennis racket in his hand .
A young woman in pink leggings playing tennis
A man holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court .
A couple of guys playing a game on the Nintendo Wii .
A man swings a tennis racket and falls onto the grass .
A man holding a tennis racquet over a grass covered field .
A man and woman sitting on a wooden bench together .
Guys on motorcycles rides along side cars and behind a truck filled with people in the back .
A pitcher winds up in preparation to throw a pitch .
A man in yellow jacket skiing on a snowy trail .
A guy bites into a donut while standing beside a waterfall .
The surfer is attempting to ride the wave .
A bike parked in front of a store with a basket .
Two people in a speed boat on a body of water .
A surfer is riding a very large wave .
A man on a surfboard in the water .
A man riding a bike through a lush green park .
A woman laying on a bed holding a handbag .
A man with glasses and a tie on staring .
A picture of a person that is about to throw a frisbee .
There are police men standing and some are sitting on horses
A skiier travels down the snow before a scenic view .
A young man riding a skateboard up into the air .
a kid holds a kite he made and smiling
A group of people flying kites at the beach .
A young woman is flying a kite at the beach .
There is a female tennis player wearing white shorts and a white bra
a man wearing a red tie holding it up to show people .
A soldier standing in front of a table with bombs sitting on top of it .
A crowd of people standing around a pile of bikes .
A man sitting on a box on a walkway in a busy city .
A man who is on a beach leaping up into the air to catch a Frisbee .
A man sitting down at a table having a sandwich .
A baby boy is laying on a couch .
There is no image to describe for this question .
A man walking on a field with a baseball bat .
A man sitting on a bench listening to headphones .
A man riding a skateboard outside of a building .
A guy on a surf board in the water .
A woman and two men are making pizzas around a table .
A group of people in living room playing a game with Nintendo Wii controllers .
a baseball player talks with an umpire
A woman sitting at a table with plates and bowls of food .
A narrow city street has a leaning one way sign .
A rather large heard of elephants , including a baby .
A baseball player catching a ball on the field
A man in glasses is eating a sandwich .
A man standing next to a woman in front of a table .
A couple people flying kites on a beach .
A woman holding a quiche in her hand and smiling
A table topped with plates of food and a glass of wine .
A large truck on the side of a street .
A young child is holding a blue skateboard .
a guy gliding down the road on a skateboard
A woman walking in ocean next to a white surfboard .
A person kiteboarding in the ocean under a cloudy sky .
Two people using cleaning brushes on an outdoor monument .
Two pedestrians underneath their umbrellas walk across an open plaza in a rainstorm .
Two men playing a game of frisbee on top of a green field .
A group of woman sitting around at a picnic .
A woman holding a tiger kite with people standing around watching and talking .
Three elderly people sit together and eat desert .
A black horse is standing in the sand , with people in the background .
A catcher kneeling on the field throwing the baseball back to the pitcher .
Several people are skiing in the snow by a tree .
Man skating performing trick on cement with buildings in background
A man in wetsuit carrying a white surfboard on beach .
a person para sailing on the ocean waves
A woman , and baby use toothbrushes in front of a sink .
A truck parked on the side of a road next to another truck .
An elderly woman wrapped in a shawl walks by , gripping the shoulder strap of her bag .
A surfer is walking along the shore line .
A man riding on top of a wave in the ocean .
Three people are at a kitchen bar using their laptops .
A statue of a man with a walking stick is draped with a flower garland and a teddy bear in his hand .
A little baby is getting a haircut in a pink chair .
The woman is sitting and looking at something on her mobile phone .
Three giraffe standing near trees and one eating on a tree .
A cute blonde woman leading a brown horse with a child riding it .
A large kite with three orange , white and black fish .
a box full of stuffed animals and other children items
a family sitting down at a meal and saying a prayer
This man is sitting on a bench next to a tree .
A young person playing a Nintendo ds while laying on a bed .
A man and a woman on a sidewalk standing in front of several suitcases .
there is a female surfer that is riding a wave
A man surfing on a surf board in the ocean .
A person wearing chaps with the rear end out and a stuffed bear hanging off their back
A bike rider rests on his bike as he looks at his phone .
A group of motorcycle riders on the road .
A subway terminal with passengers and luggage traveling .
A construction worker holding up a stop sign .
A woman fixing her hair on a purple covered bed
A child and a man hold Nintendo Wii controllers .
Four men hold a kite shaped like a clock .
A boy laying on the beach behind a man flying a kite .
this is giraffes standing around in the dirt
A group of commuters standing next to a passenger train .
a woman wearing a cowboy hat face to face with a horse
Four men with surf boards standing in the front of the beach side .
A little girl standing in front of a TV .
A man sitting at a table looking at a box of cupcakes .
Father and son wait on their bicycle at a traffic light .
A group of people on some horses in the grass .
A woman stands in the dining area at the table .
Man hold paper heart on toothbrush , back ground out of focus
A man tries to take another man 's Frisbee .
A woman standing in front of a flat screen TV .
A person is holding a cell phone sideways in their hand .
A child on a skateboard is performing a trick on a slab .
A young boy with his father spending time with his father .
A woman jumps with a tennis racket on a tennis court .
A man sitting on top of a toilet with a toy on his lap .
A man that is in the air with a skateboard .
A man balancing on a skateboard in front of a graffiti covered wall .
A group of children playing soccer on a field .
Two men are using laptops and a child is walking around .
A table with wine glasses , and plates filled with pastries .
A woman is looking at a grey horse in the eye .
A conference room full of people seated at tables
Three woman with their backs turned in a kitchen .
A blue bus sitting in the middle of a street .
There is a person laying on the ground with a frisbee .
Children 's room with a bed and a small crib with stuffed toys on the ground .
the woman is standing in the ocean with a hat
A man surfing on a wave during the day .
A man holding a Nintendo Wii controller next to a pretty young girl holding another Nintendo Wii controller .
A person laying in a bed with some laptops on .
A young man with a hat on trying to eat a banana .
A person standing in a living room , playing a video game using a remote .
