A cat is perched on the top of a toilet seat in the bathroom .
A couple of brown and white cows standing on top of a hill .
Electric toothbrushes and toothpaste standing in a coffee cup .
A birthday cake with a cell phone on it is being lit .
Children wearing team uniforms , playing soccer in a grassy field .
A person with a surfboard stands at the water .
Three men all eating sub sandwiches at a restaurant .
A man is at bat at a baseball game with a crowd watching .
A group of people who are sitting around a table .
Washing a baby in a purpose made basin on a kitchen countertop .
A giraffe is standing near the water with a lot of sailboats lined up .
An empty college dorm room with two beds .
A closeup of a kite with other kites flying in the background on the beach
A tennis player running and looking up to find the ball .
A vase with some drooping flowers in it .
A polymer clay sculpture of a teddy bear and gifts in Santa 's sleigh .
a girl showing the end of a banana and shes making a face
A shirtless man in the ocean surfing a wave
a young man holding a tennis racket next to a tennis ball
Perhaps this strange looking contraption is a sculpture .
A display of yellow flowers in several long glass vases on the wall
A parking garage , with a green painted floor , full of scooters
an image of a woman photographing a famous park bench
A miniature person taking pictures of two green birds .
Black and white photograph of various furniture on display .
Two park benches are illuminated by lamp light in a park .
Two skate boarders and one of them mid-jump .
Tennis player looking at racket during match play .
A boy holding a stuffed animal is sitting on a chair .
A giraffe standing next to a wooden fence licking a fence .
An airplane flying over a snow covered field .
A sign for a pizza place rests on the ground .
Two guys playing a game on a game system while others look on .
A antique clock store with clocks for sale .
The toilet is sitting with the toilet cover open , and a mop next to it .
a double deckered bus driving on a city street
A flock of flamingos standing in a pond .
A teenager preparing to ride down the side of a skate ramp .
A table with a chicken sandwich and a cellphone .
there is a man standing in the kitchen cutting a pizza pie
A teddy bear is sitting slumped in a chair .
A large green truck is parked on the side of the road .
a close up of a cat laying next to a laptop
A young child eating a handful of something
A guy in a black shirt charging his cell phone .
A train travelling down a set of tracks that have rocks on the sides and grassy areas past the rocks .
A cat about to drink out of a cup .
Two old fashioned plows each with two horses hooked up to it
Most of the picture can not be seen .
Surfer riding a wave that is breaking behind him
A female Tennis player appears to be observing her shoulder/arm .
The large train is painted orange and green .
A group of people sitting at a table next to a traffic filled street .
A kitten is being hand fed with a baby bottle .
some tables and umbrellas sitting next to a building
A triangular umbrella and red suitcase next to a car .
A women on a beach catching a Frisbee .
a woman and a small child and two horses
Cross country skier heading away from photographer towards hill .
Two rolls stuffed with egg salad sit on a plate .
A man sitting in front of a laptop computer on a desk .
A teddy bear is in front of a glowing light
this woman is at a desk using a computer
Several giraffes and a baby giraffe move through their enclosure .
A flower pot rests upon a glass table in front of a couch .
A pitcher filled with yellow tulips on a black and white background .
A hanging metal display of various fruits and vegetables .
a cow stands in a grassy area staring at the camera
a man standing next to a truck with some stuff on it
Two teens in a park playing a game .
Brick fireplace in a white and brown living room .
Black and white image of man with an umbrella on a city street .
A man walks by as two people are riding elephants
a person on a small boat in a large body of water
A man and a women who are standing next to each other .
Several people walking on the ramp toward a boat .
A skateboarder wearing safety equipment is silhouetted against a blue sky mid-maneuver
Three people looking at good cooking in an oven .
looking up through the grass at a small sirplane
A dog is laying on a map book
a table and chair with several pieces of luggage nearby
a girl in green shirt drinking from cup next to table of orange slices .
Person holding up a small doughnut in their hands .
A bedroom scene with focus on the bed .
The king size bed looks inviting and ready to be used .
A close-up of toppings on a pizza .
a person about to cut a piece of cake .
A man and woman walking in the snow with their skis .
A young man standing in the doorway of a bus
Skateboarder wearing protective gear grinds his board on metal railing .
Several kids on skateboards at a skating park .
A young person who is having fun riding a snowboard .
A small boy has a plate of pizza and a drink .
a small boy is playing with a remote control
A red coat hangs over the back of a brown couch across from a grey recliner .
A chair sitting near a kitchen table with chairs around it .
THERE IS A MAN THAT IS PLAYING BASE ABLL ON THE FIELD
Candles and flowers neatly placed on a table .
A dog sitting on a bench in front of a garden .
there is a beige horse with blonde and brown hair on a hill
A person on a skate board , in the air .
a wooden cutting board a knife and and apple
A boy does a trick on a skateboard on his knees .
a man on a bicycle dressed up like the cat in the hat
An image of a streetlight at the intersection of Niles Blvd And Niles Cyn .
A bench sitting in a large grassy area with small shrubs .
Man in a suit and dress shirt standing still .
a close up of a plate with an orange and a fork
Several people in a kitchen talking and listening .
a person looking at self in motorcycle mirror , has shades .
A nighttime view of a building with the lights blurred .
A train is passing over a tunnel during the day . .
Man and a woman holding an umbrella approaching a food stand .
A dog laying on the floor chewing on something .
a woman wearing skis heads towards the hill of the snow field
A woman laying on a bed in a tank top .
Tour buses and a car by a church
this is a streeet sign at an intersection
A cat leans halfway off of a bed .
Hey man relaxing with his feet on the table while on laptop with cat
A hotel room with a bunch of suitcases in it that has been tossed .
2 children sit on the dirt under an umbrella .
Man throwing frisbee in a green park with trees
a boy on a skate board in the air
a group of people playing soccer on a field
a group of kids standing next to paper kites
There is a man standing next to some clothes .
Young woman taking a picture off in distance .
a person eating a banana in a kitchen
A blanket and pillows that are on a bed .
A cat drinking milk from a cup on a nightstand .
A table with two square plates covered with food on top of it .
some little kids sitting by the end of the table
One of the two large , dark birds is spreading it 's wings .
a person holding a surf board near a body of water
A person standing in a room near a tennis racket .
A man kicking a penalty kick at a soccer game .
Very large kites being flown by two people .
An ocean scene with a wake border in the background .
a close up of a lit up clock face
a group of people are sitting at a table in the park having a picnic
A giraffe walking by two cars on a road .
A pole holds an orange detour sign pointing left .
Curly haired black dog runs after a flying disc .
Black dog with pink doughnut on tile floor .
A box holding a healthy drink sits next to a banana and a bowl of granola .
A shirtless man wearing a helmet on a skateboard .
A person sitting in a restaurant , eating a sandwich .
A few items sit on a white bed
A baseball player is getting ready to hit the ball .
two people standing next to an open oven with a turkey on a tray in it .
a scissor and some threads ready to make a chain
A giraffe and two deer in a fenced enclosure feeding on hay .
A small suburb area with a few parked red vans .
young girls standing under an umbrella with writing on it
Two people are walking with one pulling a suitcase .
Men mounted on top of white horses wearing uniforms .
The wicker basket is full of many carrots .
a person riding a surf board on a body of water
Looking into an empty bathroom with white fixtures .
a cat sitting next to a glass window
A donkey is pulling a blue cart with no passenger .
A cat in the grass next to a black open umbrella that is laying on the ground .
A food tray holing a pastry and a drink .
a boarder shredding the gnar on some powder
As the sun sets , a boy and his father take their surfboard out of the water .
A person is flying a kite by a body of water .
The kitchen is large and has a pan on the wall and pitchers on the counter .
The picture on the wall is framed by two lamps .
a giraffe that is eating some wood off a tree
The signs on the pole direct people where to go .
Two trains sit idle in a train station
A gondola type boat going down a canal .
A boy with a ball and mitt in his hands in the house .
A man cuts greens with a pair of scissors .
Bed , balcony door , and end tables in a hotel room .
a small child wearing a helmet and riding a bike
A group of people walking down a street holding umbrellas .
A batter swinging while the catcher and ref watch at a professional baseball game .
A bunch of bananas with an apple sitting in the middle .
A child in the water on a surfboard .
A pizza on a cutting board topped with a variety of things
The young child is playing a video game .
a close up of a nintendo wii console next to cables and comtrollers
A laptop , cellphone , mp3 player , and a book are on a table .
A police car is parked outside the waiting room at Lackawanna Rail Road .
a red van is parked by a curb
Two sheep walking down a grass and rocky hill .
A very pretty horse in a big grassy field .
A man is flying a kite by a hill .
A large brick clock tower with lights at the top .
The bikes are all parked beside the sign .
Two people smile while posing behind luggage suitcases on the sidewalk .
A grey table with a white and red cake next to knife .
two female sitting at a table across from eachother eating pizza
a pan of pizza at a wooden table in a restaurant
A vintage looking white stove with multiple compartments .
a hose hooked up to a fire hydrant on a busy street
Man with pit bull dog on leash with cows watching in background .
Two egg sandwiches on baguettes served on white plates .
Two men eating pizza raise their glasses in a toast
Blender on a counter with alcohol and a lime .
People standing on a sidewalk waiting to get on a bus .
A railroad track traveling underneath a bridge in the day .
A close up of an elephant in a field .
a man enjoying cross country skiing in the snow
A display of several different pastries topped with icing and/or fruit .
A man and a woman stand at a portable vending cart .
a bathroom with two sinks at the counter with a large mirror on top
a old brick building that has a street sign out front
Two children posing with ski gear on in the snow .
A girl is eating a pastry at a table .
A plain white clock showing the time 2 : 08
A retro bug van is parked at a rustic looking convenience store .
Lonely bench sits among multicolored fall leaves near a road .
Two white trains on tracks next to a station .
Man unloading luggage onto an airport cart from a car .
People at the park flying kites and walking
A glass bird has a yellow flower in it .
there is a man in a suit store talking on the phone
A bike stands on his dirtbike in a circus .
An orange and white cat sitting on top of a blue chair .
A woman riding waves on a surf board with a kite on it
This man is standing by a lake looking at the water .
Fork next to a plate of pizza and salad on the table
An old woman setting up a fruit market outside .
A tray topped with a a half a pizza and a cup of coffee .
A female in black returns a tennis ball with her racket .
Bathroom with white square sink and mirror hanging above it .
Two dark , stripped cats sit on the hood of a silver car .
A few sheep are eating some grass near the water .
Orange train on tracks in the country side .
A heard of elephants in the wild on the banks of a river .
Several people skiing in front of ski lodge .
a bunch of people that are playing some soccer
A man teaching young people how to play tennis .
Men laughing and playing tennis on Wii Sports
a table top with a computer on top of it
A woman holding a stuffed animal in her hands .
A person on skis riding down slope between trees .
A clean room with a bed and baby bunk in it .
There is a bed and a ceiling fan along with white furniture in this bedroom .
The kitchen is very old and needs to be remodeled .
an image of large clock tower in the monument
A lot of different kinds of office supplies piled together .
A public bathroom that has a toilet in the floor .
Black motorcycle with a side car in the middle of the street .
A young man balances on a surfboard with one hand on the wave .
a man on a surfboard in a river near a couple of trees and branches
A store features many types of teddy bears with various outfits .
